# A Dark Nature game

A game designed for ETHGlobal #Hackathon BuildQuest 2022. [Source](https://github.com/VAD37/the-dark-forest)

This is a WIP.

## Project goals

- Design and develop a [[P2E]] game with [[self-contained-economy]] and [[community-ownership]] in mind. Because these concepts are what make blockchain game worth for a long time.
- To make [[NFT]] stay true with [EIP-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721) vision. Instead of URI image NFT which rely on marketing value only, it should have both [[economic-value]] and [[attachment-value]] for [[P2E]] game to work.

## Game Concept

This is a P2E building management game revolve around trust. A game where peaceful player can develop their economy to generate new asset exponentially or warmonger player choose invade to destroy other. Every player always under the threat of getting their NFT **burn forever** if failed to defense themselves.

## Gameplay concept

To increase economic power, player required to get resources unique to other people NFTs. The starting resources is random generated. This force player to cooperate with other player to generate new asset.

Since blockchain have full transparency, it is easy to track other people progress and even army. And attacking is almost instantly, this make no one is safe. It was designed this way to make the game more interesting. As anyone invade another player, they can extort other player for their resources or lost their NFTs forever.

If every powerful player become peace keeper, they decide that no one should ever be invaded or any form of aggressions are not allowed. This create [[endgame]] situation when everyone can reach the peak of economic power. Allowing infinite token mint until it reach overflow value 2^256 which trigger selfdestruct condition. This is the end of the game, every NFTs will be rendered useless.

The game was designed to be written in 100% smart contract. So player can make pact, alliance, or even vassalize other player as their modding need required.

The goal of players either to [[endgame]] by overflowing [[master-contract]] or to conquer the world.

Best case scenario, anyone attempted to trigger endgame condition will be punished by other player who do not want their NFTs destroyed. Or even better, people who lost their NFTs decided to trickle down the doomday by sending their token to [[master-contract]].

## WIP docs

[[core-value]]
[[client-design]]
[[contract-design]]
[[master-contract]]
[[building-gameplay]]
[[war-system]]
[[specialty]]
[[kudo-system]]
[[growth-system]]
[[upgrade-system]]
[[customNFT-system]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[P2E]: references/P2E "Play To Earn"
[self-contained-economy]: references/self-contained-economy "self-contained-economy"
[community-ownership]: references/community-ownership "community-ownership"
[NFT]: references/NFT "NFT"
[economic-value]: references/economic-value "economic-value"
[attachment-value]: references/attachment-value "attachment-value"
[endgame]: references/endgame "endgame"
[master-contract]: references/master-contract "Master contract"
[core-value]: references/core-value "core value"
[client-design]: references/client-design "client design"
[contract-design]: references/contract-design "contract-design"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
